Add Cupertino example to layout (#9793)
flutter/website: src/ui/layout/index.md

  or you can build your own set of custom widgets.
{{site.alert.end}}

#### Cupertino apps

> To create a `Cupertino` app, use a [`CupertinoPageScaffold`][] widget.

Reviewer: Since the reader may not be familiar with `CupertinoApp` at this point, maybe expand this to say "`CupertinoApp` and `CupertinoPageScaffold`.

Unlike `Material`, it doesn't provide a default banner or background color.
You need to set these yourself.

> * To set default colors, you add a [`CupertinoThemeData`][].

Reviewer: As a reader, it's not super clear where I'm adding this theme data object, or that I need to do anything with it.

```suggestion
* To set default colors, pass in a configured [`CupertinoThemeData`][]
  to your app's `theme` property.
```

> * To add a [`CupertinoNavigationBar`][] as a `navigationBar` property value.

Reviewer: I think the user's goal won't be to add a specific class/widget, but rather a certain UI element.

```suggestion
* To add an iOS-styled navigation bar to the top of your app, add a
  [`CupertinoNavigationBar`][] as the `navigationBar` of your scaffold.
```

>   You can modify per widget colors using [`CupertinoColors`][].

Reviewer: Any color can be used, it's just `CupertinoColors` provides some that "match the iOS platform aesthetics".

How about something like?

```suggestion
  You can use the colors provided by [`CupertinoColors`][] to
  configure your widgets to match Cupertino aesthetics.
```

> * To layout the body of your app, set a `child` property with the
>   desired widget as its value, like `Center` or `Column`.

Reviewer: Since there can only be one child perhaps "the" is better. Also the child of what? The app, the scaffold, the theme?

```suggestion
* To layout the body of your app, set the `child` property of your scaffold
  with the desired widget as its value, like `Center` or `Column`.
```

To learn what other UI components you can add, check out the
[Cupertino library][].

> <?code-excerpt path-base="layout/base"?>

Reviewer: I don't think you need this since the path base was already set to "layout/base" above.

```suggestion
```

> <?code-excerpt "lib/cupertino.dart (MyApp)" title?>

Reviewer: You'll need to add the `MyApp` docregion to your source file around the class.

```dart
class MyApp extends StatelessWidget {
  const MyApp({super.key});

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return const CupertinoApp(
      title: 'Flutter layout demo',
      theme: CupertinoThemeData(
        brightness: Brightness.light,
        primaryColor: CupertinoColors.systemBlue,
      ),
      child: CupertinoPageScaffold(
        navigationBar: CupertinoNavigationBar(
          backgroundColor: CupertinoColors.systemGrey,
          middle: Text('Flutter layout demo'),
        ),
        child: Center(

>           child: Column(
>               mainAxisAlignment: MainAxisAlignment.center,
>               children: <Widget>[
>                 // #docregion text
>                 Text('Hello World'),
>                 // #enddocregion text
>               ]),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          child: Column(
	            mainAxisAlignment: MainAxisAlignment.center,
	            children: <Widget>[
	              Text('Hello World'),
	            ],
	          ),
```

        ),
      ),
    );
  }
}
```

> {{site.alert.note}}

Reviewer: Great note!
